# SC2002-BTO-Management-System

## UI elements
### Main menu
 On construction, MainMenu calls FileIO to load in all the objects (Users, Projects, Applications, Enquiry, Withdrawal, OfficerRegistration). Objects held as lists. 
 Main menu is the first menu that users will see, with 3 options, Login, Register and Exit. Login calls AuthenticationSystem to handle the checks of NRIC and password to get the specific user. AuthenticationSystem will pass the specific user to MainMenu, based on userType, MainMenu will call the relevant sub-Menus. 
 Register calls RegistrationSystem to create a new User object. Users will still have to login after registration.

### Sub Menu
#### Applicant Menu
 Handles all the functions that applicants can access. 
 Uses Applicant~Features interface wrappers to give only specific functionality to manipulate objects. 
 Passes in Project, Application, Enquiry, Withdrawal lists.

#### Officer Menu
 Handles all the functions that officer can access.
 Uses Officer~Features interface wrappers to give only specific functionality to manipulate objects.
 Passes in Project, Application, Enquiry, OfficerRegistration lists.

#### Manager Menu
 Handles all the functions that Manager can access.
 Uses Manager~Features interface wrappers to give only specific functionality to manipulate objects. 
 Passes in all object lists. 

## Database System
### FileIO
 Handles all interactions with the text files that store the object information. 

 Load~ methods call ~Factory classes to create all the objects listed in the text files. Used during construction of MainMenu. Recursive calls for multiple objects. 

 Save~ methods call ~Serializer classes to transform objects to string, using global constant delimiter ##. Currently used during system shutdown, may be added to save files at critical junctures. Recursive call for multiple objects.

### ~Factory
 1 Factory for each object type. 
 Creates 1 instance of that object based on the information stored in the respective text files

### ~Serializer
 1 Serializer for each object type.
 Takes 1 instance of an object from the list and creates a string holding all the object information, using delimiter. 

## Objects
### Users
 All users extend the abstract class User.
 All users store the following information.
 - name
 - nric
 - age
 - maritalStats as enum (Single/Married)
 - userType as enum (Applicant/Officer/Manager)
 - password

#### Applicant
 Applicant has access to applicant menu.

#### Officer
 Officer has access to both applicant menu and officer menu based on their selection.

#### Manager
 Manager has access to manager menu. 

### Application
 Applications can be submitted by applicants, approved by Managers, and booked by Officers
 Applications store the following information
 - applicationId (Randomly generated by the ApplicationHandler on when new instance is created)
 - applicantNric 
 - projectName
 - unitType (2-Room/3-Room)
 - status as enum (Pending, Under_Review, Pending_Documents, Background_Check, Withdraw_Requested, Approved, Rejected, Booked)
 - assignedUnit
 - assignedOfficer
 - applicationDate
 - lastUpdated
 - remarks

### Enquiry
 Enquiry can be submitted by applicants, answer by both Manager and Officer.
 Enquiry stores the following information
 - enquiryId (randomly generated by the EnquiryHandler)
 - nric
 - projectName
 - enquiryText
 - responseText
 - submittedAt
 - respondentNric
 - repliedAt

### Project
 Projects can be created by Managers, viewed by Manager and Officer at all times, and viewed by Applicant only when visible. Manager can edit their projects at all times, officers can edit them only for the purpose of reducing unit count when booking units
 Project stores the following information
 - projectName
 - neighborhood
 - applicationOpeningDate
 - applicationClosingDate
 - manager
 - officerSlot (number of officers that can be assigned to the project)
 - officers (list of officers by nric)
 - visible (boolean)
 - units (as a map)
 #### UnitInfo
 Individual unit object that holds information about a specific unit type
 UnitInfo has the following information
 - totalUnits (total units of that type in a project)
 - availableUnits (no. units not yet booked)
 - sellingPrice (set by the manager during project creation)

### OfficerRegistraion
 Officers can apply to be an officer for a specific project, Manager can approve/reject the application
 OfficerRegistration holds the following information
 - registrationId (randomly generated by OfficerRegistrationHandler)
 - officerNric
 - projectName
 - status as enum (Pending, Approved, Rejected)
 - registrationDate

### WithdrawalRequest
 Applicants can request to withdraw their application, regardless of the current application status (incl booked). Manager can approve/reject the request
 WithdrawalRequest holds the following information
 -  requestId (randomly generated by WithdrawalHandler)
 - applicationId
 - applicantNric
 - projectName
 - status as enum (Pending, Approved, Rejected)
 - requestDate
 - processDate
 - remarks